Dad, didn't you go to Long Shuai?
Why does the chef treat the patient to death?
It's the rule of your medical management
Mr. Long, this is my apprentice
Just returned home, absolute favorite
I will arrange for Miss Ye to have the surgery now
Dad, are you confused?
Why give the dragon a few years to kneel down this trash
Chop mouth
One more word.
I'll break your leg
Mr. Long
Don't worry.
Ye Xie must be safe if he wants to solve it
Uncle and aunt
Why do you keep looking at my dad?
Is Dad too handsome?
What nonsense are you talking about?
master
Do you want to apologize to me?
Yulongjingtian
We didn't do anything wrong.
Why should I apologize to you?
If the Dragon Guard hadn't warned Long Shuai's identity to be protected
I don't even want to see these two idiots
Hit the muzzle
Longjing Tian is Long Shuai